Pham Hien
I didn't expect you to be that kind of person.
What kind of person am I?
Don't get me wrong.
His eyes have not moved since then.
Pham Hien
I feel something is wrong.
Look at their faces.
Happening is being urged.
Go save people.
Stand up.
Van Ha, what next?
let me think
I will think of one for you.
Just kill your wife.
Killing is not my style.
Who are you?
The sect master of Ha Khong Khong Sect stole a knife and didn't know why the two of you barged into my sect.
Stealing someone else's sect hall for yourself.
He was very proud.
I can steal.
That is my ability.
You come to steal, I will try.
Children's material
Yes.
Grandpa, come listen.
Good boy, your little man is successful.
Ha ha ha, this person has a lot of relationship with you, right?
Let them live
Come here and be my shadow.